Docs: correct openid_configuration_endpoint argument description (#21804)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/linux_web_app.html.markdown

* `client_id` - (Required) The ID of the Client to use to authenticate with the Custom OIDC.

> * `openid_configuration_endpoint` - (Required) Specify the https://server.com/.well-known/openid-configuration URL for OpenID Connect Discovery.

Reviewer: `example.com` is a dedicated domain for testing, so we should use that instead:

```suggestion
* `openid_configuration_endpoint` - (Required) Specifies the endpoint used for OpenID Connect Discovery. For example `https://example.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`.
```
